Delete project releases (#997)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/examples/delete-project-releases.md

---
title: Create project
description: An example script that creates a project.

---

> These scripts demonstrate how to programmatically delete releases for a project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script demonstrates how to programmatically delete releases for a project.
```

## Usage
Provide values for the following:
- Octopus URL
- Octopus API Key
- Name of the space to use
- Name of the project

> ## Scripts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Script
```
